“Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgment that something else is more important than fear.” —Ambrose Redmoon
“It is your decisions not your conditions that truly shape the quality of your life.” —Anthony Robbins
“Life is found in the dance between your deepest desire and your greatest fear.” —Anthony Robbins
“How do we keep our inner fire alive? Two things, at minimum, are needed: an ability to appreciate the positives in our life - and a commitment to action. Every day, it’s important to ask and answer these questions: ‘What’s good in my life?’ and ‘What needs to be done?’” —Nathaniel Branden
“The price of excellence is discipline; the cost of mediocrity is disappointment.” —William Arthur Ward
“If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant; if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome.” —Anne Bradstreet 
“Sometimes our fate resembles a fruit tree in winter. Who would think that those branches would turn green again and blossom, but we hope it, we know it.” —Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
“Even if you encounter opposition, have conviction and finish what you start. In the end, people will understand.” —Kotaku Wamura (Mayor of Japanese village who built a sea wall, against many protests, which recently saved the town when the tsunami hit NE Japan)
“My grandfather once told me that there were two kinds of people: those who do the work and those who take the credit. He told me to try to be in the first group; there was much less competition.” —Indira Gandhi
“A moment of choice is a moment of truth. It’s the testing point of our character and competence.” —Stephen Covey
“If your ship doesn’t come in, swim out to it!” —Jonathan Winters
“If doubt is challenging you and you do not act, doubts will GROW. Challenge the doubts with action and YOU will grow.” —John Kanary
“Those who turn good organizations into great organizations are motivated by a deep creative urge and an inner compulsion for sheer unadulterated excellence for its own sake.” —Jim Collins
“Compromise: The art of dividing a cake in such a way that everybody believes he got the biggest piece.” —Sherry Rothfield
“We cannot direct the wind but we can adjust the sails.” —anonymous
“Life’s not about waiting for the storms to pass... it’s about learning to dance in the rain.” —B.J. Gallagher
“When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on.” —Thomas Jefferson 
“Power is of two kinds. One is obtained by the fear of punishment and the other by acts of love. Power based on love is a thousand times more effective and permanent than the one derived from fear of punishment.” —Mahatma Gandhi
“Keep your thoughts positive because your thoughts become your words. Keep your words positive because your words become your behaviors. Keep your behaviors positive because your behaviors become your habits. Keep your habits positive because your habits become your values. Keep your values positive because your values become your destiny.” —Gandhi
“A smooth sea never made a skilled mariner.” —English proverb
“Great masters merit emulation, not worship.” —Alan Cohen
“Clear, written goals have a wonderful effect on your thinking. They motivate you and galvanize you into action. They stimulate your creativity, release your energy, and help you to overcome procrastination as much as any other factor.” —Brian Tracy
“Planning is bringing the future into the present so that you can do something about it now.” —Alan Lakein
“Confidence is contagious. So is the lack of confidence.” —Vince Lombardi
“Optimism may sometimes be delusional, but pessimism is always delusional.” —Alan Cohen
“Few things help an individual more than to place responsibility upon them and to let them know that you trust them.” —Booker T. Washington
“We are continually faced with great opportunities which are brilliantly disguised as unsolvable problems.” —Margaret Mead
“Long-range goals keep you from being frustrated by short-term failures.” —James Cash Penney
“If you just set out to be liked, you would be prepared to compromise on anything at any time, and you would achieve nothing.” —Margaret Thatcher
“You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don’t try.” —Beverly Sills
“We can do anything we want to as long as we stick to it long enough.” —Helen Keller
“In organizations, real power and energy is generated through relationships. The patterns of relationships and the capacities to form them are more important than tasks, functions, roles, and positions.” —Margaret Wheatley
“It’s not differences that divide us. It’s our judgments about each other that do.” —Margaret Wheatley
“You have within you right now, everything you need to deal with whatever the world can throw at you.” —Brian Tracy
“There will come a time when you believe everything is finished. That will be the beginning.” —Louis L’Amour
“It is understanding that gives us an ability to have peace. When we understand the other fellow’s viewpoint, and he understands ours, then we can sit down and work out our differences.” —Harry S. Truman
“Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man’s character, give him power.” —Abraham Lincoln
“Freedom is actually a bigger game than power. Power is about what you can control. Freedom is about what you can unleash.” —Harriet Rubin
“Destiny is not a matter of chance, it is a matter of choice; it is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved.” —William Jennings Bryan
The ultimate measure of man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy. —Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
“Management is doing things right; leadership is doing the right things.” —Peter F. Drucker
“Don’t tell people how to do things, tell them what to do and let them surprise you with their results.” —George S. Patton
“A leader is a dealer in hope.” —Napoleon Bonaparte
“The very essence of leadership is that you have to have vision. You can’t blow an uncertain trumpet.” —Theodore M. Hesburgh 
“The best executive is the one who has sense enough to pick good men to do what he wants done, and self-restraint to keep from meddling with them while they do it.” —Theodore Roosevelt
“A leader is one who sees more than others see, who sees farther than others see, and who sees before others see.” —Leroy Eimes
“The task of the leader is to get his people from where they are to where they have not been.” —Henry Kissinger
“Great leaders are almost always great simplifiers, who can cut through argument, debate, and doubt to offer a solution everybody can understand.” —General Colin Powell
“In periods where there is no leadership, society stands still. Progress occurs when courageous, skillful leaders seize the opportunity to change things for the better.” —Harry Truman
“The leader is one who mobilizes others toward a goal shared by leader and followers.” —Gary Wills
“Leadership is lifting a person’s vision to higher sights, the raising of a person’s performance to a higher standard, the building of a personality beyond its normal limitations.” —Peter F. Drucker
“Leadership is getting people to work for you when they are not obligated.” —Fred Smith
“My own definition of leadership is this: The capacity and the will to rally men and women to a common purpose and the character which inspires confidence.”” —General Montgomery
“I think leadership comes from integrity - that you do whatever you ask others to do. I think there are non-obvious ways to lead. Just by providing a good example as a parent, a friend, a neighbor makes it possible for other people to see better ways to do things. Leadership does not need to be a dramatic, fist in the air and trumpets blaring, activity.” —Scott Berkun
“Before you are a leader, success is all about growing yourself. When you become a leader, success is all about growing others.” —Jack Welch
“The leader has to be practical and a realist, yet must talk the language of the visionary and the idealist.” —Eric Hoffer
“Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man’s character, give him power.” —Abraham Lincoln
“Am I not destroying my enemies when I make friends of them?” —Abraham Lincoln
“Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.” —Albert Einstein
“Any fool can criticize, condemn, and complain, and most fools do.” —Benjamin Franklin
“Beware of little expenses. A small leak will sink a big ship.” —Benjamin Franklin
“He that is of the opinion money will do everything may well be suspected of doing everything for money.” —Benjamin Franklin
“First ask yourself: What is the worst that can happen? Then prepare to accept it. Then proceed to improve on the worst.” —Dale Carnegie
“If you want to gather honey, don’t kick over the beehive.” —Dale Carnegie
“You can make more friends in two months by becoming interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get other people interested in you.” —Dale Carnegie
“Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.” —Dale Carnegie
“An intellectual is a man who takes more words than necessary to tell more than he knows.” —Dwight D. Eisenhower
“Farming looks mighty easy when your plow is a pencil and you’re a thousand miles from the corn field.” —Dwight D. Eisenhower 
“To be prepared for war is one of the most effective means of preserving peace.” —George Washington
“Few men have virtue to withstand the highest bidder.” —George Washington
“If you once forfeit the confidence of your fellow citizens, you can never regain their respect and esteem. You may fool all of the people some of the time; you can even fool some of the people all the time; but you can’t fool all of the people all of the time.” —Abraham Lincoln
“Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it.” —Dwight D. Eisenhower
“You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist.” —Golda Meir
“I can honestly say that I was never affected by the question of the success of an undertaking. If I felt it was the right thing to do, I was for it regardless of the possible outcome.” —Golda Meir
“Failure is only the opportunity to begin again more intelligently.” —Henry Ford
“Associate yourself with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation, for ’tis better to be alone than in bad company.” —George Washington
“The price of greatness is responsibility.” —Winston Churchill
“The greatest lesson in life is to know that even fools are right sometimes.” —Winston Churchill
“It is a mistake to look too far ahead. Only one link in the chain of destiny can be handled at a time.” —Winston Churchill
“If you want to get somewhere you have to know where you want to go and how to get there. Then never, never, never give up.” —Norman Vincent Peale
“We must find time to stop and thank the people who have made a difference in our lives.” —Dan Zadra
“To lead people, walk beside them... As for the best leaders, the people do not notice their existence. The next best, the people honor and praise. The next, the people fear; and the next, the people hate. When the best leader’s work is done the people say, ‘We did it ourselves’.” —Lao Tzu 
“The consequence of living our lives at warp speed is that we rarely take time to reflect on what we value most deeply or to keep these priorities front and center. Most of us spend more time reacting to immediate crises and responding to expectations from others than we do making considered choices guided by what matters most to us.” —Jim Loehr and Tony Schwartz, The Power Of Full Engagement
“Conviction is worthless unless it is converted into conduct.” —Thomas Carlye
“Courage is doing what you are afraid to do. There can be no courage without fear.” —P. Hayes
“Entrepreneurship is a state of mind, a can-do attitude, a capacity to focus on a vision and work toward it.” —Barry Rogstad
“Many of our fears are tissue paper thin, and a single courageous step would carry us clear through them.” —Brendan Francis
“Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood.” —Marie Curie
“If your actions inspire others to do more, to learn more, to dream more or to become more, you are a leader.” —John Quincy Adams
“When we accept tough jobs as a challenge to our ability and wade into them with joy and enthusiasm, miracles can happen.” —Arland Gilbert
“It takes as much energy to wish as it does to plan.” —Eleanor Roosevelt
“The wise man bridges the gap by laying out the path by means of which he can get from where he is to where he wants to go.” —John Pierpont Morgan
“A smooth sea never made a skilled mariner.” —English proverb
“The question in life is not whether you get knocked down. You will. The question is, are you ready to get back up... and fight for what you believe in?” —Dan Quayle
“Out of clutter, find simplicity. From discord, find harmony. In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.” —Albert Einstein
“You will never change your life until you change something you do daily.” —Mike Murdock
“Real difficulties can be overcome. It’s the imaginary ones that are unconquerable.” —Theodore Vail
“Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgement that something else is more important than fear.” —Ambrose Redmoon
“Luck favors the well prepared.” —anonymous
“Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.” —T.S. Eliot
“If we can only accept what we currently believe, we have already reached our full potential. Be willing to experiment, to take risks. While skepticism can be healthy, too much skepticism can be deadly... deadly to one’s spirit, to one’s sense of well-being and to one’s dreams.” —Blair Warren
“People will do anything for those who encourage their dreams, justify their failures, allay their fears, confirm their suspicions and help them throw rocks at their enemies.” —Blair Warren
“Your past is not your potential. In any hour you can choose to liberate the future.” —Marilyn Ferguson
“The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for.” —Maureen Dowd
“Adversity is like a strong wind. It tears away from us all but the things that cannot be torn, so that we see ourselves as we really are.” —Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha
“Real obstacles don’t take you in circles. They can be overcome. Invented ones are like a maze.” —Barbara Sher
“If you do not change direction, you may end up where you’re heading.” —Lao Tzu
“The cave you most fear to enter contains the greatest treasure.” —Joseph Campbell
"Your fears are not walls, but hurdles. Courage is not the absence of fear, but the conquering of it." –Dan Millman
"Every man has a coward and hero in his soul." –Thomas Carlyle
"Each day comes bearing its gifts. Untie the ribbons." –Ann Ruth Schabaker
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." –Eleanor Roosevelt
"If your ship doesn’t come in, swim out to it!" –Jonathan Winters
"Live your life each day as you would climb a mountain. An occasional glance towards the summit keeps the goal in mind, but many beautiful scenes are to be observed from each new vantage point." –Harold B. Melchart
“The tragedy of life is not found in failure but complacency. Not in you doing too much, but doing too little. Not in you living above your means, but below your capacity. It’s not failure but aiming too low, that is life’s greatest tragedy.” –Benjamin E. Mayes
"Courage does not always roar. Sometimes, it is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying, “I will try again tomorrow.”
“Calm self-confidence is as far from conceit as the desire to earn a decent living is remote from greed.” —Channing Pollock
“Class is an aura of confidence that is being sure without being cocky. Class has nothing to do with money. Class never runs scared. It is self-discipline and self-knowledge. It’s the sure footedness that comes with having proved you can meet life.” —Ann Lander
“Courage is the greatest of all the virtues. Because if you haven’t courage, you may not have an opportunity to use any of the others.” —Samuel Johnson
“Fear is the opportunity for courage, not proof of cowardice.” —John McCain
“Many of our fears are tissue paper thin, and a single courageous step would carry us clear through them.” —Brendan Francis
“Ships are safe within the harbor, but is that what ships are for?”
“Do not be too timid and squeamish about your actions. All life is an experiment.” —Ralph Waldo Emerson
“One’s action ought to come out of an achieved stillness: not to be a mere rushing on.” —D.H. Lawrence
“It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare, it is because we do not dare that things are difficult.” —Seneca
“While one person hesitates because he feels inferior, the other is busy making mistakes and becoming superior.” —Henry C. Link
“You can’t help someone get up a hill without getting closer to the top yourself.” —H. Norman Schwarzkopf
“Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending.” —Carl Bard
“I don’t know if you’ll succeed or fail, but I know this: you will fail if you don’t try!”
“Better to fail at doing the right thing than to succeed at doing the wrong thing.” —Guy Kawasaki
“People rarely succeed unless they enjoy what they are doing.” —Dale Carnegie
“Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.” —Helen Keller
“Optimism is a strategy for making a better future. Because unless you believe that the future can be better, it’s unlikely you will step up and take responsibility for making it so. If you assume that there’s no hope, you guarantee that there will be no hope. If you assume that there is an instinct for freedom, that there are opportunities to change things, there is a chance you may contribute to making a better world. The choice is yours.” —Noam Chomsky
“It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change.” —Charles Darwin
"If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission." --Anonymous
"Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out." --John Wooden
"To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong." --Anonymous
"If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for the ordinary." --Jim Rohn
"Trust because you are willing to accept the risk, not because it's safe or certain." --Anonymous
"Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life--think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success." --Swami Vivekananda
"All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them." --Walt Disney
"Good things come to people who wait, but better things come to those who go out and get them." --Anonymous
"If you do what you always did, you will get what you always got." --Anonymous
"Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." --Winston Churchill
"Just when the caterpillar thought the world was ending, he turned into a butterfly." --Proverb
"Successful entrepreneurs are givers and not takers of positive energy." --Anonymous
"Whenever you see a successful person you only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to reach them." --Vaibhav Shah
"Opportunities don't happen, you create them." --Chris Grosser
"Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value." --Albert Einstein
"Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people." --Eleanor Roosevelt
"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." --Thomas A. Edison
"If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents--start charging for it." --Kim Garst
"A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him." --David Brinkley
"No one can make you feel inferior without your consent." --Eleanor Roosevelt
"The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one's destiny to do, and then do it." --Henry Ford
"If you're going through hell keep going." --Winston Churchill
"The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do." --Anonymous
"Don't raise your voice, improve your argument." --Anonymous
"What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise." --Oscar Wilde
"The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away." --Anonymous
"The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success." --Bruce Feirstein
"When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you." --Lolly Daskal
"I believe that the only courage anybody ever needs is the courage to follow your own dreams." --Oprah Winfrey
"No masterpiece was ever created by a lazy artist." --Anonymous
"Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you." --Nathaniel Hawthorne
"If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough." --Albert Einstein
"Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting." --Anonymous
"Do one thing every day that scares you." --Anonymous
"What's the point of being alive if you don't at least try to do something remarkable." --Anonymous
"Life is not about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." --Lolly Daskal
"Nothing in the world is more common than unsuccessful people with talent." --Anonymous
"Knowledge is being aware of what you can do. Wisdom is knowing when not to do it." --Anonymous
"Your problem isn't the problem. Your reaction is the problem." --Anonymous
"You can do anything, but not everything. --Anonymous
"Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower." --Steve Jobs
"There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed." --Ray Goforth
"Thinking should become your capital asset, no matter whatever ups and downs you come across in your life." --A.P.J. Abdul Kalam
"I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have." --Thomas Jefferson
"The starting point of all achievement is desire." --Napoleon Hill
"Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in and day-out." --Robert Collier
"If you want to achieve excellence, you can get there today. As of this second, quit doing less-than-excellent work." --Thomas J. Watson
"All progress takes place outside the comfort zone." --Michael John Bobak
"You may only succeed if you desire succeeding; you may only fail if you do not mind failing." --Philippos
"Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear--not absence of fear." --Mark Twain
"Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone." --Pablo Picasso
"People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing--that's why we recommend it daily." --Zig Ziglar
"We become what we think about most of the time, and that's the strangest secret." --Earl Nightingale
"The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary." --Vidal Sassoon
"Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears. " --Les Brown
"I find that when you have a real interest in life and a curious life, that sleep is not the most important thing." --Martha Stewart
"It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see." --Anonymous
"The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same." --Colin R. Davis
"The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers." --Ralph Nader
"Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it." --Maya Angelou
"As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others." --Bill Gates
"A real entrepreneur is somebody who has no safety net underneath them." --Henry Kravis
"The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself." --Mark Caine
"People who succeed have momentum. The more they succeed, the more they want to succeed, and the more they find a way to succeed. Similarly, when someone is failing, the tendency is to get on a downward spiral that can even become a self-fulfilling prophecy." --Tony Robbins
"When I dare to be powerful, to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid." --Audre Lorde
"Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect." --Mark Twain
"The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus." --Bruce Lee
"There is no traffic jam along the extra mile." --Roger Staubach
"Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success." --Dale Carnegie
"If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much." --Jim Rohn
"If you genuinely want something, don't wait for it--teach yourself to be impatient." --Gurbaksh Chahal
"Don't let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning." --Robert Kiyosaki
"If you want to make a permanent change, stop focusing on the size of your problems and start focusing on the size of you!" --T. Harv Eker
"You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something--your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life." --Steve Jobs
"Two roads diverged in a wood and I  took the one less traveled by, and that made all the difference." --Robert Frost
"The number one reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors." --Napoleon Hill
"The reason most people never reach their goals is that they don't define them, or ever seriously consider them as believable or achievable. Winners can tell you where they are going, what they plan to do along the way, and who will be sharing the adventure with them." --Denis Waitley
"In my experience, there is only one motivation, and that is desire. No reasons or principle contain it or stand against it." --Jane Smiley
"Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time." --George Bernard Shaw
"I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well." --Diane Ackerman
"You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them." --Michael Jordan
"Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going." --Jim Ryun
"People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing." --Dale Carnegie
"There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul." --Ella Wheeler Wilcox
"Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter." --Francis Chan
"You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction." --George Lorimer
"A goal is not always meant to be reached; it often serves simply as something to aim at." -- Bruce Lee
"Success is ... knowing your purpose in life, growing to reach your maximum potential, and sowing seeds that benefit others." --John C. Maxwell
"Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice." --Wayne Dyer
"To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, not only plan, but also believe." --Anatole France
"Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no help at all." --Dale Carnegie
"You measure the size of the accomplishment by the obstacles you had to overcome to reach your goals." --Booker T. Washington
"Real difficulties can be overcome; it is only the imaginary ones that are unconquerable." --Theodore N. Vail
"It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation." --Herman Melville
"What would you do if you weren't afraid." --Spencer Johnson
"Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune; but great minds rise above it." --Washington Irving
"Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor." --Truman Capote
"Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do." --John R. Wooden
"You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it." --Margaret Thatcher
“It’s hard to beat a person who never gives up.” – Babe Ruth
“If passion drives you, let reason hold the reins.” – Benjamin Franklin
“I’m a greater believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it.” – Thomas Jefferson
“I have learned that real angels don’t have gossamer white robes and Cherubic skin, they have calloused hands and smell of the days’ sweat.” – Richard Evans
“Greatness is sifted through the grind, therefore don’t despise the hard work now for surely it will be worth it in the end.” – Sanjo Jendayi
“A dream doesn’t become reality through magic; it takes sweat, determination and hard work.” – Colin Powell
“My grandfather once told me that there were two kinds of people: those who do the work and those who take the credit. He told me to try to be in the first group; there was much less competition.” – Indira Gandhi
“Happiness is the real sense of fulfillment that comes from hard work.” – Joseph Barbara
“Hard work keeps the wrinkles out of the mind and spirit.” – Helena Rubinstein
“No great achiever – even those who made it seem easy – ever succeeded without hard work.” – Jonathan Sacks
“Hard work helps. It has never killed anyone.” – Unknown
“The highest reward for man’s toil is not what he gets for it, but what he becomes by it.” – John Ruskin
“You learn the value of hard work by working hard.” – Unknown
“Nobody’s a natural. You work hard to get good and then work to get better. It’s hard to stay on top.” – Paul Coffey
“Don’t wish it were easier. Wish you were better.” – Jim Rohn
“All growth depends upon activity. There is no development physically or intellectually without effort, and effort means work.” – Calvin Coolidge
“Talent means nothing, while experience, acquired in humility and with hard work, means everything.” – Patrick Suskind
“The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.” – Jimmy Johnson
“If I told you I’ve worked hard to get where I’m at, I’d be lying, because I have no idea where I am right now.” – Jarod Kintz
“Too many irons, not enough fire.” – S. Kelley Harrell
“Patience can be bitter but her fruit is always sweet.” – Habeeb Akande
“If you don’t burn out at the end of each day, you’re a bum.” – George Lois
“If you try and lose then it isn’t your fault. But if you don’t try and we lose, then it’s all your fault.” – Orson Scott Card
“Embrace the pain to inherit the gain.” – Habeeb Akande
“Talent is what God gives us, Skill is what we give back to Him.” – Eliel Pierre
“The only thing that overcomes hard luck is hard work.” – Harry Golden
“I hope the millions of people I’ve touched have the optimism and desire to share their goals and hard work and persevere with a positive attitude.” – Michael Jordan
“Goodness and hard work are rewarded with respect.” – Luther Campbell
“Everything yields to diligence.” – Thomas Jefferson
“When I meet succesful people I ask about 100 questions to find out who they attribute their success to. It is usually the same: persistence, hard work and hiring good people.” – Kiana Tom
“Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goals: my strength lies solely in my tenacity.” – Louis Pasteur
“I don’t have a blue-collar job. It’s more of a green collar, because of all the yellow sweat stains mixing in.” – Jarod Kintz
“No one ever drowned in sweat.” – USMC Officer
“There are no shortcuts to any place worth going.” – Beverly Sills
“If your dream is a big dream, and if you want your life to work on the high level that you say you do, there’s no way around doing the work it takes to get you there.” – Joyce Chapman
“I do not care about happiness simply because I believe that joy is something worth fighting for.” – Criss Jami
“Hard work without talent is a shame, but talent without hard work is a tragedy.” – Robert Hall
“A clay pot sitting in the sun will always be a clay pot. It has to go through the white heat of the furnace to become porcelain.” – Mildred Struven
“You were hired because you met expectations, you will be promoted if you can exceed them.” – Saji Ijiyemi
“Inspiration is the windfall from hard work and focus. Muses are too unreliable to keep on the payroll.” – Helen Hanson
“There are no shortcuts to any place worth going.” – Beverly Sills
“Do the things you like to be happier, stronger & more successful. Only so is hard work replaced by dedication.” – Rossana Condoleo
“Only cooked time tastes well.” – Dr. Zeeshan Ahmed
“Nothing in life comes easy.” – Unknown
“Change is hard work.” – Billy Crystal
“Once you have commitment, you need the discipline and hard work to get you there.” – Haile Gebrselassie
“If you work hard and study hard. And you fuck up. That’s okay. If you fuck up and you fuck up, then you’re a fuckup.” – Justin Halpern
“Sometimes it takes a lowly, title-less man to humble the world. Kings, rulers, CEOs, judges, doctors, pastors, they are already expected to be greater and wiser.” – Criss Jami
“Work hard and be patient. The rest will follow.” – Unknown
“Start by doing what’s necessary, then what’s possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible.” – Saint Francis
